Dialog NPC erster Auftraggeber:

Name hier einfügen:
"Boy, es tut mir Leid. das mit deinem Vater. Wirklich, aber ich meine, das war doch klar, dass das nichts wird, so ganz ohne Vorbereitung einfach ins feindliche Lager... Du brauchst dich nicht so aufzuregen, ich mein's ja nicht böse! Aber wenn du was tun willst rate ich dir: Planung ist Alles! "

"Boy, I'm really sorry for your loss, really I am. I knew your father and he always was a bit precipitous, you know? I mean, come on, infiltrating the enemy without any kind of preperations is pretty stupid if you ask me. Hey, don't look at me like that, I don't mean no harm, I liked your father, he had his heart in the right place, called a spade a spade, you know? All I want to say is, if you ar dealing wit such an enemy, you have to plan! Think ahead! Nobody plans to fail, but most of them fail planning, got it? I can see it in your eyes, you want to do something about it, don't you? Let me tell you one thing: You will need an army. Or at least some kind of special forces. Highly trained, stuffed with weapons and technology. That kind of thing. Maybe you could start building some kind of operations center, you've got a big house, you should be fine. Of course you would need to get some money first. Tell you what: I think i have a job for you, could come in handy later on for you aswell! I need a uniform. Security Guard uniform to be precise. I do'nt know how you could get one from them though... I mean, you could ask them for one of course, ha ha ha! *laughs*     I will pay you, of course, a little start up for your own operation-base. You are a clever boy, you'll find a way to get one for me, I'm sure about that. So, what do you think?"

Answers:
1. I see what I can do
2. Not now, maybe later
3. No way!

1: "Way to go son, way to go! Now get me one of these uniforms and I'll make sure you won't regret it!"
2: "I see. Well, ok, you've got other things on your mind right now... Sleep on it for a night, we can talk once more about it later on."
3: "Really, why not? What do you have to lose, other than yout life, eh? Alright then, but don't come crying afterwards!"